Add db seed docs (#165)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: docs/database-seeds.mdx

## Example

0. Let's say this is your example `db/schema.prisma`:

```prisma
model Project {
  id        Int      @default(autoincrement()) @id
  name      String
  tasks     Task[]
}

model Task {
  id          Int      @default(autoincrement()) @id
  name        String
  project     Project  @relation(fields: [projectId], references: [id])
  projectId   Int
}
```

1. Add `db/seeds.ts`

```ts
import db from "./index"

const seed = async () => {
  const project = await db.project.create({data: {name: "FooBar"}})

  for (let i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
    await db.task.create({
      data: {
        name: `Task: ${i}`,
        project: {
          connect: {
            id: project.id,
          },
        },
      },
    })
  }
}

export default seed
```

2. Now simply run `blitz db seed` and you're done. You should be all set with fresh new data in your database.

> > TIP: Use [faker.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/faker) to have more realistic data (names, addresses, emails, places, dates, event lorem ipsusm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TIP: Use a library like [chance](https://chancejs.com/) or [faker.js](https://github.com/Marak/Faker.js) to have more realistic data (names, addresses, emails, places, dates, event lorem ipsusm)
```
